so what are we doing building a Monster
High house and what this right now a
castle a Barbie castle and how we're
gonna make it into a Monster High House
we're gonna paint it but before we paint
it we have to do what all right take it
all apart so this is sort of the before
shot of what this thing looks like all
of these things have long rods that go
through them that hold them on you get
most of the stuff apart with the small
screwdriver flathead Phillips head pair
of pliers at my house have a nail to be
able to get into some places to pry
things apart and a little nail that's
important too and is this gonna be
awesome when we're done yes all right
let's get started
all right so after taking out a pile of
screws you end up with this and
understand that your six year old will
be done with the process by now and
we'll be onto something else however you
committed to taking apart a Barbie doll
house so that's what we've done now what
we're gonna do is we're gonna go ahead
and use a scotch-brite pad to go ahead
and buff up some of the pieces we will
go ahead and spray paint them and put
them all back together and hopefully
when we're done we have a monster high
house fun there's the base most of the
screws come out of the bottom of that I
only had to report a Kout two of the
rods in order to get the larger pieces
off I'm doing good doing good see how
many pieces it's in now that's a lot of
pieces you're doing good - good I'll
just be down here building a Monster
High house so Lily what are we doing
we're painting now so got all of our
pieces
apart the first color is maroon alright
so I've got the outside painted maroon
the insides are now painted black this
is the primary shell that we'll be using
all right now that we have most of the
pieces painted we could start assembling
them all back together
as you can see put most of the larger
pieces back together we still have a
bunch of the interior stuff to do we'll
probably be painting a lot of that
purple but we used two flat black
for the black and then a maroon and a
silver you can see the outside so it's
looking a lot more like a Monster High
house rather than a Barbie house so just
got finish up the interior part so it'll
be good to go
alright so this is our Monster High
Castle all painted this is the inside it
doesn't look like a pink Barbie castle
anymore does it
no you paint everything purple silver
and that maroon color and black so I'd
say it looks pretty good
you